Get A Customized Message From Samuel L Jackson! For Snakes on a Plane!
Published on August 04, 2006.
I saw this on anandtech, and I’m pretty sure it’ll be everywhere soon.
It’s a promotional thing for Snakes on a Plane.
You give it some information and Samuel L. Jackson can either call or email a friend with a message saying that they have to watch Snakes on a Plane.
It’s pretty entertaining hearing SLJ go insane about a movie starring himself.
Here’s one that I made using a fictional “Samuel” and his copilot “Johnny.” [audio:Snakes on a Plane.mp3]
It actually sounds pretty good for being one of those cut and paste customized messages.
Mr. Jackson is very convincing, and I’m kinda scared that he’ll kill me if I don’t see Snakes on a Plane.
This is pure genius viral marketing, right here.
The only complaint I have is that SLJ doesn’t know how to say a lot of names.
Including “Hung.” Oh, I guess it would’ve been cool if he had dropped the F-bomb a few times, or even if he just said “ass” instead of “butt.”
Oh, if you didn’t know, Snakes on a Plane is a movie.
About snakes. On a plane.
And Samuel L. Jackson’s in it.
It’s already gained cult status for having a cheesy plot.
I read somewhere that Samuel L. Jackson only agreed to do the movie because of the title.
Now that’s what I call quality cinema.